OCPBUGS-30076: Fixed minor bugs with OCI docs post 4.15 (#72364)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/using-assisted-installer-oci-agent-iso.adoc

+
.. For the **Cluster Details** step, you complete the following fields:
+
[cols="2,2",options="header",subs="quotes"]
|===
|Field |Action required

|**Cluster name**
|Specify the name of your cluster, such as `ocidemo`. 

|**Base domain**
|Specify the base domain of the cluster, such as `splat-oci.devcluster.openshift.com`. Provided you previously created a compartment on {oci}, you can get this information by going to **DNS management > Zones > List scope** and then selecting the parent compartment. Your base domain should show under the **Public zones** tab.

|**OpenShift version**
| Specify `OpenShift 4.15` or a later version.

|**CPU architecture**
| Specify `x86_64` or `Arm64`.

|**Integrate with external partner platforms**
|Specify `Oracle Cloud Infrastructure`.

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

After you specify this value, the *Include custom manifests* checkbox is automatically selected. 

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

**Important:** You can keep the default settings for the **Operators** step.

> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

|===

> .. For the **Host Discovery** step, click the **Add hosts** button to display a dialog box. For the **SSH public key** field, add your SSH key from your local system. Click the **Generate Discovery ISO** button to generate the discovery ISO file. Ensure that you download the file to your local system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. On the **Host Discovery** page, click **Add hosts**. 
.. For the **SSH public key** field, upload your SSH key from your local system.
.. Click **Generate Discovery ISO** to generate the discovery ISO file.
.. Download the file to your local system.
```
